what kind of thrills do you get
in life is a jumping out of a
perfectly good airplanes is it
rock climbing my grip in new
york city at a time when it was
quite dangerous to two thousand
homicides a year streets were
dangerous and so I felt the risk
of death every day I walked down
i don't i don't take risks
unless i have talent in the
thing that might be risky for
someone else to do so then when
I see people
hey let's go jump out of
airplanes with parachutes are
saying why all because it's
thrilling and it's fun and it's
risky and I'm thinking I risk i
have risks every day for an
expert rock climber and you're
climbing rupture so that's risky
not for an expert of all the
ways that might die my parachute
not opening will not be one of
them
ok put checking that box not
happening
no no of all the ways i might
die freezing to death in a
mountain crevasse is not one of
them
of all the ways i might die
falling off a cliff face will
not be one of them
I that's for sure
yeah